Cheesecake recipes
From the ultimate New York baked cheesecake recipe to our quick no-cook cheesecake recipe, enjoy a slice from our mouthwatering selection. Choose from strawberry, banoffee, Irish cream and lemon cheesecakes - all easy-to-follow recipes that are simply irresistible.

link: https://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/no-bake_strawberry_30276

This strawberry cheesecake is the summer dessert dreams are made of. Made with plenty of white chocolate, strawberries and cream.

Based on eight servings, each portion provides 523 kcal, 6g protein, 29g carbohydrate (of which 18g sugars), 42g fat (of which 25g saturates), 3g fibre and 0.7g salt.

Ingredients
2 tsp sunflower oil
200g/7oz digestive biscuits
100g/3½oz unsalted butter
½ tsp ground cinnamon
100g/3½oz white chocolate, roughly chopped
400g/14oz strawberries, trimmed, plus extra to decorate
300g/10½oz full-fat cream cheese
1 tsp vanilla extract
½ unwaxed lemon, finely grated zest only
1 tbsp runny honey or maple syrup
200ml/7fl oz double cream
Recipe tipsHow-to-videos
Method
Brush the inside of a 20cm/8in springform tin with the sunflower oil, and line the base with a disc of baking parchment.

Put the digestive biscuits into a sealable freezer bag. Push all the air out and seal the bag. Crush the biscuits with a rolling pin, until they are reduced to sand-like crumbs.

Melt the butter in a large saucepan. Stir in the biscuit crumbs and cinnamon. Press the crumbs into the bottom of the tin. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.

Chop 150g/5oz of the strawberries in half from top to bottom and arrange around the edge of the prepared tin, cut side-up. Chop the remaining berries into small pieces.

Melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl, either over a pan of simmering water, making sure the bowl doesn’t touch the water, or in a microwave.

Beat together the cream cheese, vanilla, lemon zest and honey in a mixing bowl. Stir in the chopped strawberries.

In another bowl, whisk the double cream until it holds a floppy peak.

Fold the melted chocolate into the cream cheese mixture, followed by the double cream. Add more honey if needed.

Spoon the filling into the tin, being careful not to move the strawberries on the edge. Spread level with a palette knife or the back of a spoon, cover with cling film and chill overnight, until firm.

Carefully remove the cheesecake from the tin and put on a serving plate. Slice or quarter extra strawberries to arrange on top.